What is really now positive? For example, let's think of the positive mind. Positive mind is again
one very simple, a very simple one.
Positive mind is joy, what we talk. Appreciation, peaceful, calm, and soothing, and kindness and
compassion.
That is really what is old, is the positive mind. And again, if we bring down that mind to the more
kind of like precisely or trying to more summarize,
then in simple nature, love and kindness and compassion is the positive mind.
If we bring down the positive mind, then the positive mind is the positive mind, the positive mind
is the positive mind.
If we bring down the positive mind, then the positive mind is the positive mind, and the positive
mind is the positive mind.
If we bring down the positive mind, then the positive mind is the positive mind, the positive mind
is the positive mind.
Now, this is not that what we have to do this. In the Buddha's teaching, let it glow yourself in
that status.
Become yourself. This is our mind. Let that energy prevail throughout the system of our body, our
mind, our spirit.
That is enough, it is not enough. You must share that. Sharing that love and kindness and
compassion, joy and compassion to the others.
That is known as then the actualizing body japa. You are actualizing. You let that glow, not
limited to that.
To our self, with again some degree of the ego and thought. You let that shape, let that glow with
only in the boundary, with only in the restructuring.
And that is known as then the practicing the dharma, practicing dharma to ourselves, and practicing
dharma, that benefiting, helping to the others.
That means you share that. If you don't understand that, then you will have to go to the other side
.
If you don't understand that, then you will have to go to the other side.
Now, say why that you mean this. And then one way again, another, one simple way again to practice
means dharma or the positive mind.
It means not hurting anyone, hurting anyone. That means non-violence.
Be non-violence to your self and non-violence to others.
That is really dharma. When we start connecting negative thought, it hurt ourself, it hurt others.
So violence is not just gross things, but violence is also one way, very practical way, very simple
kind of way.
And not hurting your self and not hurting to the other, that is really dharma, that is practice.
That only performance and ignite into that quality.
That is then joy and appreciation, love in the highest temperatures.